As the movie start we see one couple who are
enjoying in ocean with boating and suddenly
they see an island and they decide to go there
and after reaching there boy start to park
but his wife enter the island alone with being
happy and she start to play in that island
but after sometime an unknown animal attack
her and that animals start to move form there
taking with her so she began to shout and
her husband also listen her shouting but scene
change here and we see two brother Jack and
john who are coming in same island with their
friends with the help of shipplane and we
know here that this island owner is an uncle
of these two brothers but unfortunately uncle
death already . After reaching the island
they start to move towards their uncle house
and next day when they are playing with each
other they found a small dog which is very
cute and innocent and they bring a dog I their
house but after sometime that dog goes outside
of the house so two of them whose name is
john and Melina also goes outside of the house
to search that dog and they see a dog is hiding
behind the large grass and when they goes
to bring a dog back but one large dog attack
the Melina and john help her and he bring
Melina to the uncle house but all those people
take these incident normal and then they don't
take serious and next day when they are going
to swimming in ocean but that boy who came
here with his wife appear here and he start
to warning them to leave these place but suddenly
group of large dog came here and they start
to kill that boy . After seen this those three
boys start to ran from there and when they
just entering the home one large dog attack
Melina and john also instantly attack the
dog nut due to the air that bow enter into
Melina legs but anyway they all enters into
a house and they start to leave that island
but the see that the dogs already cut their
rope of shipplane and shipplane start to move
in the ocean after seen this john enter into
a ocean to bring the shipplane but there are
already two dogs on the shipplane and dogs
came to kill john but anyway they ran form
there and they came back in uncle house again
. In home Melina behaviour also start to change
due to the dog bite and suddenly those two
knows that their uncle has training compound
in this island where the can ask for help
with the help of radio so they decide to compound
for that they said Melina to bring car form
garage . After that Melina reach there but
a car doesn't get start and suddenly those
large dog also came there and they start to
attack Melina so due to the this reason she
returns home without bringing a car and that
night those large dog enter their house form
basement and they kill a friend of those group
and other People were shift to upper side
of house because basement is not safe now
and scene cut here and we see those two brother
start the car anyhow and they goes to their
house to bring those two girl Melina and Nicki
but due to the dog bite Melina has Benn already
died when they reach there so those two brother
and their friend Nicki start to move form
there towards to compound.
After reaching there they saw two three dogs
are already were there so those two brother
start to fight with dog but after some time
a group of dog came there but before group
of dog start to attack them Nicki came there
with car and she safe them and they start
to move form there and while they are moving
they saw a boat in ocean so they enter a car
in ocean and they get success to go outside
form that island with the help of boat and
movie end here please subscribe the channel
and hit the bel icon bye.